If you start a project please say so in discord and also update this file and place you name and under it what\
you are working on.
I'm new like you and haven't got a clue what I'm doing. Saying that I do know we need to work clean and comment
on everything! There is no such thing is to many comments.  We need to communicate on this project a lot to make
sure we dont mess up each other. This is my first project with other so im all ears. if you have any ideas let
me know.

Cowboy:

    I am working on the map generation at the moment.

BJTMastermind:

    Changelog to Main Menu.

Giioke:

  Class-Story interactions.

Things to do:

    1) The use_item() function needs to be added.

        Function of it:

            In combat we need to be able to use potions. So the use_item() function
            will be called if the player choose to heal or maybe change his weapon.
            So you will need to make a dictionary for the potions in the Items.py
            file. Make it how it makes since to you because I'm not sure how the
            best way is going to be.
            I think that's enough for now we can build on it later

    2) The magic() function needs to be added.

        Function of it:

            In combat there are going to be a few types of attacks. Ranged(bow, throwing stars,
            knives, ect..) melee attacks magic attacks and magic spells. This function is to handle
            the magic spells. There will be Damage spells Buff spells and healing spells maybe more.
            Like the the potions you will need to make a spells dictionary in Items.py or maybe make a
            hole new file for it.

    3) The help() menu needs to be made.

        Function of it:

            The Help Menu needs to guide the player in any and every part of the game to how the combat works
            to how movement works. Pretty much anything in the game needs to be explained.
            I think the help() screen or some for of help function should be in the game at all times even
            if you are just roaming around the world and you type help.

    4) The Mobs.py file needs to redone like the Player class in the Main.py. So there should be a Main Mob class
        and each mob will inherit the mob class but each mob will have its own special class that handles all the
        special attributes. Like the Witch class could have a spell attack or the hell hounds could have a bite
        attack.

    5) The Screen.py needs a more easy way to customize the screen as well. I have a pretty good idea how to do this
        but you are welcome to try your hand at it.

Notes:
    Feel free to add anything you want to add.


Things Cowboy Wants To Add:

    Crafting.
    Possible a Day and Night Cycle

Things BJTMastermind Wants To Add:

	Changelog to Main Menu.
